{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww33400\viewh20040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs98 \cf0 practice techniques\
concerts\
- april 21, 7:30\
\
Pull github, open MLE.central and compositions/S22/mork_tree_s22\
\
* Mimic\
	* Imitate performance techniques\
	* Doesn\'92t need to be an exact copy\
	* Variations in pitch and rhythm ok\
* Heterophony\
	* Copy sequences\
	* Brief divergences but 95% the same\
* Broken mirror\
	* Look for a unique view of the sequenc\
	* 3-4 contiguous notes
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 21M.370 Match 16 Discussion
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 References:
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Kindohm Tidal Cycles {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://youtu.be/smQOiFt8e4Q"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://youtu.be/smQOiFt8e4Q}}
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Kaitlyn Aurelia Smith \'97 'Existence in the Unfurling,' Live on Soundcheck {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://youtu.be/IGCp9KeY9TU"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://youtu.be/IGCp9KeY9TU}}
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Ryoji Ikeda Presents: test pattern
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://youtu.be/jCR7KJQtwGE"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://youtu.be/jCR7KJQtwGE}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://youtu.be/omDK2Cm2mwo"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://youtu.be/omDK2Cm2mwo}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 ELECTRONICOS FANTASTICOS!
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://youtu.be/kmbIcbuuFRI"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://youtu.be/kmbIcbuuFRI}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Nisennen- 22marbles : V\'e9ro Mareng\'e8re et Martin Marier (sponge)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://youtu.be/xg6rFnUnqc4"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://youtu.be/xg6rFnUnqc4}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Choose three examples instrument, each of which represent on kind of diversity ( micro, mid, and macro). Describe how this kind of diversity affects the performance experience. How did the instrument creators design these kinds of diversity into the instrument?
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Think about your capacit instrument- what kind of diversity would you like it to encompass? How might you change the design to have different kinds of diversity? How would you then show it to other people and teach them how to play it?
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Roli Seaboard - high microdiversity and macrodiversity - great sensing capabilities in addition to convenient timbral alterations for various genres\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Nobby - high microdiversity, some mid-diversity - very simple to turn knobs in the moment and affect the quality of sound\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 New Turntables (like the Roland DJ202) have many features to add micro diversity such as sampling, tempo changes, but it\'92s still low microdiversity.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Microdiversity is generally most important to performers, allowing performers to develop and demonstrate techniques / individual \'91personality\'92, \'91getting to know the instrument versus getting the instrument to do what *you* want\'92\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Instrument Designers look at adding more degrees of freedom to their instrument to allow for higher micro diversity. An example would be seeing that guitar players aren\'92t using their feet so adding something (like pedals for an electric guitar) to the instrument to allow for more microdiversity\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Modern MIDI controller (e.g. MPK mini) good example of mid-diversity (e.g. structural changes through parameters related to sequencer, such as arpeggio)\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 ---
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 -MIDI is limited by the fact that it transmits 7 bits of data, Mic-D may be greatly improved by MIDI 2.0\'92s 16 bits of data
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 -The ROLI seaboard exemplifies Mic-D with its emphasis on timbre control.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 -Where does the boundary of an instrument exist? Is an instrument just an array of inputs? This distinction effects whether or not one may see an instrument as \'93mid-diverse\'94 or not.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 -MacD - the DAW has internal inputs and necessarily must be ready to use for the production/performance of several styles of music.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 -MacD is informed by the societal acceptance/expectation of an instrument. If an instrument \'93feels out of context\'94, its presence informs what kind of music it is perceived as, and hence may be less macro-diverse.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ---
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - a single T-stick is mic-d and mid-d, but depending on implementation determines its mac-d. The family of t-sticks\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Macro-diversity
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - does it have to be programmed in?
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - adapt to different musical contexts
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - can depend on micro or mid diversity
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs98 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
* Hocket \
	* Interlocking rhythm\
	* No notes shared}